My appreciation of the arts was rooted very early in my life, before I even realized what art meant. Since a small baby, I have been travelling around the country and around the world with my parents. They had a firm belief that a healthy amount of exposure to nature and crafted works of art will somehow benefit me. Although I am still in the progress of figuring out how this all works (it's in my nature to figure out how thing work), what is apparent is that this exposure certainly paved a path for me in my free exploration of the world of arts. 

Seeing magnificent Bascilica of Milan, the Hall of Notre Dame (before the tragedy), Appreciating works of Da Vinci at the Louive, or masterpieces of Andy Hole at NY MOMA, I was given the opportunity to immerse in these artistic atmospheres, appreciating not just the artworks themselves, but their history, the presentaiton of these priceless masterpieces, the surrounding environments in museums, and feeling the dedication of these people. This definitely developed a taste of my own and inspired many of my works in the last few years. 

Another field that I take heavily is the field of cinematics. While my equipment and editing skills were mediocre at best, I tried to produce the best quality short videos that has a rich subtext and underlying meaning. 

Having taken a film analysis class in high school in my final semester, I really started diving deep into the cinematic subtext through the operation of cameras, plot planning, and conversations. Having 2001: A Space Odyssey and Mad Max 4: Fury Road as my pieces of final analysis, I greatly improved my awareness of the artistic and social value of cinematic productions. 

Here are a few videos that I directed and edited by myself over the last few years. 